okay time for a serious video what is
going on everybody and welcome back to
the Jeff tutorials youtube channel my
name is Jeff and in today's video it's
going to be a really serious topic and
it's going to be aimed live commentary
and I usually don't do these on the
channel but this is something that I
find really really ridiculous and I'm
not going to sugarcoat anything inside
this video because this is flat-out
wrong and not even wrong it's just
ruining the whole community so if you
guys have no clue what's happening or
you didn't read the title rockstar is
banning money glitches like banning them
off of youtube so if anyone post a money
glitch their video can get taken down
via rockstar / take-two interactive same
thing applies for hacks money glitches
RP clutches anything along those lines
can be just taken down and us youtubers
that's really the only way to grow now
you got all these big youtubers doing
news videos and no one else sees us and
it's so hard to grow on youtube without
that kind of stuff and my thing is that
I have a problem with hacking from their
end yeah I understand hacking you're
bringing stuff into the game you're
actually doing stuff that's really
really not right now cheating is
something that's already inside the game
we're just looking at someone else's
video or method and we're just doing it
inside the game we're not doing any
crazy stuff it's just a thing inside
your game that doesn't let us get the
legitimate money it's mainly something
that just goes and bypasses that
legitimate money and just makes us more
money it's really simple but it's inside
the game and I'm not understanding how
they're not even thinking about this
that people are just playing the game
and they're doing something inside the
game and they're getting money for it
and it may be a few thousand dollars
more than a normal one but no they have
to patch it RP methods I'm saying an RP
method is a job usually 10 out of 10
cases a job number one you can make a RP
job in your content creator right now
that is using the exact tools
they give you it is completely fine I
don't understand what's the problem with
it where you can could just go into
content creator and you can just do it
and you got yourself an RP job that's
completely fine I don't understand
what's their issue with this kind of
stuff if they really do have an issue
how about they actually get some people
to patch it or they hire youtubers
actually made the glitches to work for
them and actually patch it that's what
every other company does so this is the
bottom line I have no clue what to do
right now no money glitches no hacks no
RP inside game can't grow any youtube
channel off of news I don't know it
might be the end of GTA 5 glitches hacks
and everything on YouTube and not just
my youtube channel so many other
people's YouTube channels guarantee
probably eighty five percent of
community that post GTA 5 glitches is
going to be either affected by this
we're going to be just simply taken down
now they did state that it is going to
be an objective bowl in a case-to-case
basis which probably means if you post
glitches on your channel like pretty
much all the time which I usually do
they're probably going to take you down
and I don't know I think that's all
again in the article which I'll leave in
description down below they did state
pre-release footage is not allowed
obviously who does that spoilers I don't
even want to read that in-game
entertainment have new clue what that is
but encouraging cheating is the thing
that I really have a problem with and I
guess that is it I really don't know
what to say I'm pretty sure some
throughout make a petition I know
there's a rule that the company has to
actually view the petition if there's a
surmount of signatures and there's a
whole bunch of stuff like that but if
anyone knows anything or know someone
that knows that kind of stuff please
feel free to leave a comment down below
don't forget the drop a like on this
video helped spread it around this is
the video that you guys want to spread
around show rock star that we youtubers
and people that watch us want to see
glitches like we want to do this and
this is really really tough to see this
when I work so hard and then this is
just happening so I don't want to say
again if you guys did enjoy don't forget
to drop a like subscribe
down below not sure what I'm going to be
doing on this channel but we'll see how
things work out and see Rockstar
responds so just one quick note in the
case of emergency if something happens
to this channel please feel free to
follow me on Twitter @jeff tutorials the
link it to that will be in description
down below its ad Jeff tutorials just
like well my channel name is feel free
to follow me on there for updates on
this whole situation because this is
something that is pretty big and I don't
know what to do at the moment like I've
been saying this whole video but yeah
I'm gonna be posting news and we'll see
how things work out if Rockstar decides
to back off of this whole thing then
I'll go back to glitches and hacks but
mostly what happens i guess we have to
wait a little bit bulky be less posted
in the meantime I have some good videos
pumping out began that's gonna wrap it
up my name is Jeff things that's for
watching this video and i'll talk to you
guys hopefully in the next one